Add C9 to template and stack lab (#197)
aws-samples/cfn101-workshop: content/basics/templates/template-and-stack/index.md

---

### Overview

> This lab will start with the most basic template containing only `Resources` section, which contains a single resource declaration of the S3 bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This lab will start with the most basic template containing only the `Resources` section, which contains a single resource declaration of the S3 bucket.
```

             - ServerSideEncryptionByDefault:
                 SSEAlgorithm: AES256
   ```
4. It’s now time to create your stack! Follow steps below:

   :::::tabs{variant="container"}
	::::tab{id="cloud9" label="Cloud9"}

> 	1. In the Cloud9 terminal navigate to `code/workspace`:

Reviewer 2: Should we emphasise the Cloud9 terminal?
```suggestion
	1. In the **Cloud9 terminal** navigate to `code/workspace`:
```

    :::code{language=shell showLineNumbers=false showCopyAction=true}
    cd cfn101-workshop/code/workspace
    :::
    1. Run `awscli` command to create the stack. The required parameters `--stack-name` and `--template-body` has been pre-filled for you.
    :::code{language=shell showLineNumbers=false showCopyAction=true}
    aws cloudformation create-stack --stack-name cfn-workshop-s3 --template-body file://template-and-stack.yaml
    :::
    1. If the `create-stack` command was successful CloudFormation will return `StackId`.
    :::code{language=shell showLineNumbers=false showCopyAction=true}
    "StackId": "arn:aws:cloudformation:us-east-1:123456789012:stack/cfn-workshop-s3/739fafa0-e4d7-11ed-a000-12d9009553ff"
    :::

>     1. Open the **[AWS CloudFormation](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation)** console in a new tab and check if the stack status is `CREATE_COMPLETE`.

Reviewer 2: Consistency
```suggestion
    1. Open the **[AWS CloudFormation](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation)** console in a new tab and check if the stack status is **CREATE_COMPLETE**.
```

    ::::
    ::::tab{id="local" label="Local Development"}
   1. Open the **[AWS CloudFormation](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation)** link in a new tab and log in to your AWS account.
   1. Click on **Create stack** (_With new resources (Standard)_ if you have clicked in the top right corner).
   1. In **Prepare template**, choose **Template is ready**.
   1. In **Template source**, choose **Upload a template file**.
   1. Click on **Choose file** button and navigate to your workshop directory.
   1. Select the file `template-and-stack.yaml` referenced in step 1.
   1. Click **Next**.
   1. Provide a **Stack name**. For example `cfn-workshop-s3`.
        + The _Stack name_ identifies the stack. Use a name to help you distinguish the purpose of this stack.
        + Click **Next**.
   1. You can leave **Configure stack options** default, click **Next**.
   1. On the **Review <stack_name>** page, scroll down to the bottom and choose **Submit**.

>    1. You can click the **refresh** button a few times until you see in the status **CREATE_COMPLETE**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Use the **refresh** button to update the page as needed, until you see the stack to be in the **CREATE_COMPLETE** status.
```

   ::::
   :::::

### Challenge

> In this exercise, enable versioning on the S3 bucket. Enabled versioning will prevent objects from being deleted or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this exercise, you'll enable versioning on the S3 bucket to prevent objects from being deleted or
```

             - ServerSideEncryptionByDefault:
                 SSEAlgorithm: AES256
   ```
4. It’s now time to create your stack! Follow steps below:

   :::::tabs{variant="container"}
	::::tab{id="cloud9" label="Cloud9"}
	1. In the **Cloud9 terminal** navigate to `code/workspace`:
    :::code{language=shell showLineNumbers=false showCopyAction=true}
    cd cfn101-workshop/code/workspace
    :::
    1. Use the AWS CLI to create the stack. The required parameters `--stack-name` and `--template-body` have been pre-filled for you.
    :::code{language=shell showLineNumbers=false showCopyAction=true}
    aws cloudformation create-stack --stack-name cfn-workshop-s3 --template-body file://template-and-stack.yaml
    :::

>     1. If the `create-stack` command was successful CloudFormation will return `StackId`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. If the `create-stack` command was successfully sent, CloudFormation will return `StackId`.
```

    "StackId": "arn:aws:cloudformation:us-east-1:123456789012:stack/cfn-workshop-s3/739fafa0-e4d7-11ed-a000-12d9009553ff"
    :::
    1. Open the **[AWS CloudFormation](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation)** console in a new tab and check if the stack status is **CREATE_COMPLETE**.
    ::::
    ::::tab{id="local" label="Local Development"}
   1. Open the **[AWS CloudFormation](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation)** link in a new tab and log in to your AWS account.
   1. Choose **Create stack** (_With new resources (Standard)_ from the top-right side of the page.
   1. In **Prepare template**, choose **Template is ready**.
   1. In **Template source**, choose **Upload a template file**.
   1. Choose the **Choose file** button and navigate to your workshop directory.
   1. Select the file `template-and-stack.yaml` referenced in step 1.
   1. Choose **Next**.
   1. Provide a **Stack name**. For example `cfn-workshop-s3`.
        + The _Stack name_ identifies the stack. Use a name to help you distinguish the purpose of this stack.
        + Choose **Next**.
   1. Choose to accept default values for **Configure stack options**; choose **Next**.

>    1. On the **Review <stack_name>** page, scroll down to the bottom and choose **Submit**.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   1. On the **Review <stack_name>** page, scroll to the bottom and choose **Submit**.
```

>    1. Use the **refresh** button to update the page as needed, until you see the stack to be in the **CREATE_COMPLETE** status.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   1. Use the **refresh** button to update the page as needed, until you see the stack has the **CREATE_COMPLETE** status.
```

             - ServerSideEncryptionByDefault:
                 SSEAlgorithm: AES256
   ```
1. It’s now time to update your stack! Follow steps below:

   :::::tabs{variant="container"}
	::::tab{id="cloud9" label="Cloud9"}
	1. In the **Cloud9 terminal** navigate to `code/workspace`:
    :::code{language=shell showLineNumbers=false showCopyAction=true}
    cd cfn101-workshop/code/workspace
    :::

>     1. Run `awscli` command to create the stack. The required parameters `--stack-name` and `--template-body` has been pre-filled for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Use the AWS CLI to create the stack. The required parameters `--stack-name` and `--template-body` have been pre-filled for you.
```

   ```

> 1. Go to the AWS console to update your CloudFormation Stack:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. It’s now time to update your stack! Follow steps below:
```

   :::::tabs{variant="container"}
	::::tab{id="cloud9" label="Cloud9"}

> 	1. In the Cloud9 terminal navigate to `code/workspace`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	1. In the **Cloud9 terminal** navigate to `code/workspace`:
```

    :::code{language=shell showLineNumbers=false showCopyAction=true}
    cd cfn101-workshop/code/workspace
    :::
    1. Run `awscli` command to create the stack. The required parameters `--stack-name` and `--template-body` has been pre-filled for you.
    :::code{language=shell showLineNumbers=false showCopyAction=true}
    aws cloudformation update-stack --stack-name cfn-workshop-s3 --template-body file://template-and-stack.yaml
    :::
    1. If the `create-stack` command was successful CloudFormation will return `StackId`.
    :::code{language=shell showLineNumbers=false showCopyAction=true}
    "StackId": "arn:aws:cloudformation:us-east-1:123456789012:stack/cfn-workshop-s3/739fafa0-e4d7-11ed-a000-12d9009553ff"
    :::

>     1. Open the **[AWS CloudFormation](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation)** console in a new tab and check if the stack status is `CREATE_COMPLETE`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    1. Open the **[AWS CloudFormation](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation)** console in a new tab and check if the stack status is **UPDATE_COMPLETE**.
```

    ::::
    ::::tab{id="local" label="Local Development"}

>    1. Log in to the **[AWS CloudFormation Console](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation)** in a new browser tab.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   1. Log in to the **[AWS CloudFormation](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation)** console in a new browser tab.
```

   1. On the **Configure stack options** page, select **Next**.
   1. On the **Review <stack_name>** page, scroll down and wait for the **Change set** section to complete. Then select **Submit**.
   1. Wait for the stack status to reach **UPDATE_COMPLETE**. You need to periodically select **Refresh** to see the latest stack status.
   ::::
   :::::

::::::

### Clean up

Follow these steps to clean up created resources:

1. In the **[CloudFormation console](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation)**, select the stack you have created in this lab. For example `cfn-workshop-s3`.
1. In the top right corner, select **Delete**.
1. In the pop-up window, select **Delete stack**.

> 1. Wait for the stack to reach **DELETE_COMPLETE** status. You need to periodically select **Refresh** to see the latest stack status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Wait for the stack to reach the **DELETE_COMPLETE** status. You need to periodically select **Refresh** to see the latest stack status.
```
